Added to intro, related works, and dataset sections (#12)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/introduction.tex

\todo[inline]{Possibilities for adding more to the section: write more about our specific approach, still on overview/abstract level. Write a little after the problem statement about what the questions cover/will give.}

% Paper Structure
The paper is organized as follows:
In \autoref{sec:related_work}, we explore articles related to topic modeling and topic models using metadata.
\autoref{sec:overview} gives an overview of our method by separating the process into steps.
\autoref{sec:dataset} describes the dataset used in the experiments.
In \autoref{sec:plate_notation}, \gls{lda}, the metadata topic models, and the model combinations are described, and their plate notation is shown.

> In \autoref{sec:experiment}, we setup an experiment to test the performance of the different metadata topic models along with their combinations and present the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In \autoref{sec:experiment}, we set up an experiment to test the performance of the different metadata topic models along with their combinations and present the results.
```
